docs: add migration section for v2 (#40)
storyblok/app-extension-auth: README.md

A JavaScript library for managing authentication for [Storyblok](https://www.storyblok.com) apps.

## Migrating v1 to v2

> The `@storyblok/app-extension-auth` v1 stored the access token in a cookie. However, v2 now offers an adapter pattern, allowing you to store the access token elsewhere, such as in a dedicated database. And here are the breaking changes:

Reviewer: I am wondering if this is a bit misleading, as we abstracted the logic to the adapter pattern however the storage inside a DB and enabling passing a custom adapter is not possible at the moment right?

Author: I'm not sure if I follow you. How is it not possible?

Reviewer: Currently the user cannot pass their own adapter to authHandler or the sessionStore.

Author: Oh I didn't realize we removed adapter from AuthHandlerParams. I'll modify this.

> The `@storyblok/app-extension-auth` v1 stored the access token in a cookie. However, in a future version of v2, the library will offer an adapter pattern, allowing you to store the access token elsewhere, such as in a dedicated database. And here are the breaking changes:

Author: Not sure how to phrase this 🤔 what do you think?

Reviewer: This is fine, maybe adding one more sentence to make it clearer, but its just nitpicking. 

```suggestion
The `@storyblok/app-extension-auth` v1 stored the access token in a cookie. However, in a future version of v2, the library will offer an adapter pattern, allowing you to store the access token elsewhere, such as in a dedicated database. The following changes abstract the code to make this transition easier in the near future:
```
